Updated Onkyo documentation inline with code changes (#12699)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/onkyo.markdown

    name: receiver
    sources:
      pc: 'HTPC'

>     zones:

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

      - zone1
```

>  If your receiver has second or third zone’s available, they are displayed as additional media players with the same functionality as the main zone, provided you add them to your configuration under `zones`. Zones 1-4 are supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If your receiver has second or third zones available, they are displayed as additional media players with the same functionality as the main zone, provided you add them to your configuration under `zones`. Zones 1-4 are supported.
```

{% configuration %}
host:
  description: IP address of the device. Example:`192.168.1.2`.
  required: true
  type: string
port:

>   description: The port of the receiver. Usually 60128. Only set if you need to change the default. 

Reviewer: Move the port to the `default: ` key.

  description: A list of mappings from source to source name. Valid sources can be found below. A default list will be used if no source mapping is specified.
  required: false
  type: list
zones:

>   description: Any secondary zones you wish to see in Home Assistant. Each zone listed here will show up as a media player in it's own right.

Reviewer: Home Assistant is kinda implied already 😉 

```suggestion
  description: Any secondary zones you wish to see. Each zone listed here will show up as a media player in its own right.
```

If your source is not listed above, and you want to figure out how to format that source name so you can map its entry, you can use the `onkyo-eiscp` Python module to discover the exact naming needed. First, change your receiver's source to the one that you need to define, and then run:

```bash

> eiscp_monitor --host 192.168.0.100 source=query

Reviewer: How would a Home Assistant or Home Assistant Core on Docker user run this?

Author: This gets added as part of the pyeiscp library, same way onkyo got added as part of the onkyo-eiscp library. You should be able to use docker exec -it /bin/bash home-assistant then run the tool. 
Should I add that in?

Reviewer: OS users don't have that ability.
